= MongoMapper (Rails 3 Fork)

== Updated to work on Rails3

=== To Install

This project is a fork of MongoMapper that works with Rails3.  

To use with Rails3 / Bundler, add this to your Gemfile:

  gem "mongo_mapper", :git => 'http://github.com/merbjedi/mongomapper.git', :branch => 'rails3'

Remember to use the 'rails3' branch!

Then run:

  bundle install


If not using bundler, you can just clone it to your projects vendor/plugins folder.


=== Bugs / Issues

Please report all Rails 3 bugs via the Github Issue tracker associated with this fork (merbjedi/mongomapper).

=== Commit access

Want to make changes? Either fork this repo or just msg me for direct commit access to my fork.

Would greatly appreciate your help. Thanks!


== Original README

Releases are tagged on github and released on gemcutter. Master is pushed to whenever I add a patch or a new feature, but I do not release a new gem version each time I push.

=== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history. (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself in another branch so I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

=== Install

 $ gem install mongo_mapper

=== Problems or Questions?

Hit up the google group.
http://groups.google.com/group/mongomapper

To see if the problem you are having is a verified issue, you can see the MM pivotal tracker project:
http://www.pivotaltracker.com/projects/33576

=== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 John Nunemaker. See LICENSE for details.